Now, you can imagine a world where
putting your administrator access key and
secret key and trusting GitHub with it.
It's probably not the best, not to say
that Git GitHub is not trustworthy.
But it's the internet, right?
And if you put in that key to be able to
do all the command line stuff we're doing
from our laptops.
And something happens because stuff
happens, that's not a good look, right?
And so what we wanna do is we
wanna create a user with a policy
that has access to the bare minimum
that we would need to build
a CICD pipeline,
which is predominantly like, cool.
You should be able to like
put stuff in that bucket.
And you should be able to issue in
validations if that's the like spiritual
path that you went down.
And like, that's it, right?
Even, that's not great if you are.
If you get GitHub gets hacked,
cuz they could theoretical
push that bucket with that.
But hopefully like in a big enough hack,
you're rushing to a [LAUGH] to
get in there and fix it as well.
And you need to mitigate it, so
yeah the other options are yo self host
something something Jenkins have fun.
But for now, for
our cases, this will work.
So let's go ahead and go through the part
where we are going to create a policy.
So let's go back into I am in this case.
Let's see which one I don't
need my S3 book anymore.
We will use that tab,
all right?
We will go ahead and
we are going to create a brand new policy,
which is unique for our C I C D process.
So, is there one of the 915 that are
existing maybe does this I don't think so.
But like, I accept the possibility
that of 915 of them.
Maybe there's one that
does something similar.
So hit create policy.
Okay, so now we get a little visual
editor and choose a service.
There's lots of them,
let's say cloud front.
Let's just look at cloud that's the number
of things in AWS that start with Cloud.
So, naming things, it's hard.
[LAUGH] CloudFront, it does two things
that were basically set up cache
invalidation on something
that's named with the cloud.
Naming things and cache invalidation are
two of the hardest problems in computer
science and off by one errors.
Okay, so we don't want to give it
all Cloudfront actions, all right?
We just want to give it the ability for
creating invalidations.
All right, and then which one?
Let's see, that is the CloudFront
in the distribution ID.
I need to go back and get this is not one
of the ones that is going to manually fill
it in for you or give you the drop
down like it didn't have 53 or
a few other places so we get to go back.
Now we want remember before I was like for
the o ai,
you didn't want this one
that starts with me.
You want the other one to
start with a capital E.
Now you want this one that
starts with a capital E.
Okay, so now we'll go back in here and
we'll paste that in.
So this is kind of familiar.
It's like this is, we're saying, Amazon
resource number for AWS cloud front.
This is our account number that
we made in the very beginning,
yours is obviously different than mine.
We made in the very beginning
of the workshop for
this distribution in which
CloudFront distribution.
So put that one in there as well.
And then we want to add
additional permissions.
And we will choose a service.
And this time we want s3,
cool And so
now what we want to do is for
this one we want put object
And I believe it needs access
to list object as well.
This bucket rather, so
you can see what's in the bucket.
You can put stuff in
the bucket that's about it.
All right, one selected and
one selected perfect.
That should do the trick.
If not,
we'll find out when we go to deploy and
we'll get told exactly what
permission we're forgetting.
Next the tags so we've got that in place.
I don't see the s3 one,
which means there's probably one
additional button that I missed.
So I'm going to go back.
There do we need to set the resource?
Yeah, this one we have
to tell which bucket,
so in this case we want
superawesome.click.
I like that it was just
gonna let me make a policy.
Just missing S3 completely.
Instead of at any point,
show me an error about the issue.
So that's great, superawesome.click.
And this one will give it access to
everything in the bucket just like when we
made it by hand before.
So one of those is I believe, for
the list bucket because it doesn't need
to know which things in the bucket.
So we'll go ahead and create that policy.
One of the questions we got earlier you
can see this one's got caught from s3
It was, if you blow past
the 1000 free invalidations,
how much did they cost beyond that?
It is half a penny per invalidation.
We looked it up during the break,
I said, you get 1000 out.
To be fair, the 1000 invalidations
is spread across all of
the CloudFront distributions
in that account, right?
So like that is not 1000
just a distribution,
it is 1000 across all of them.
And like I had that conversation like
well what if we deploy more than 1000
times a month?
I'm like I would love that problem, right?
Personally, but yeah, it is relatively
cheap beyond that, but that might,
if there's some other reason why you
might be casting validations above and
beyond just deploy on a deploy.
Then some of the other playing
with the time to live might be
the right choice in this case, okay?
So we'll give this name,
we need to give the policy a name and
we'll say like,
Build process, I don't know.
I don't love that name, but
how about deploy static assets?
I like that name better.
You can give a description,
you don't necessarily have to.
And we'll create that policy.
All right, so
now we have this new customer managed one
this is different than all the AWS ones.
Now that's just a policy that is a set
of permissions that we can apply to
different users.
Remember when we made our
administrator before we manually
applied a set of permissions?
Now we have our own cert which
is deploy static assets that
we can put on to any user that we create.
So we need to do Is we need to create
another user different from our
administrator whose sole job is
that can deploy to this one bucket,
and cast invalidations
on one distribution.
Right, yeah, still not ideal.
We lose control of that user.
Also, when we put it in GitHub,
we will encrypt all those things.
But yeah, like still a risk, but the blast
area is a lot smaller in this case.
So go to Users and
this should be somewhat familiar.
Gonna add a user.
This one I'll call build process.
So this one's gonna be a little bit
different than the administrator because
we knew what the administrator
we wanted to log in, right?
And like play around in the console.
Our CI CD pipeline should not be
able to log in and click buttons.
It should only have an API key, okay?
So we will keep access key programmatic
access turned on even then we know
has very limited amount or will have
very limited amount of that access.
And then it gets no password,
right it should not be able to
log into the console at all.
So now instead of.
Actually we want to click
this one right here, and
then we want to instead of
picking one of the AWS ones,
We have our deploy static assets policy.
So now we can apply it that one as well.
So now we have created a user
that can only do one thing.
We're not gonna use tags in this case and
deploy static assets.
Right, this is again
that very arduous screen.
If you mess this up and you just click
away from, it you will have to regenerate
the key, which you can do on the on
the overall users as the administrator.
So either go show yourself
that secret SSH access key,
and copy it somewhere the time being or
in my case.
I'm going to download the CSV and
hope that I don't confuse it with
the other one that I downloaded earlier.
And then, once you close this page,
there is no way to see that key again,
unless you go ahead and regenerate that.
Cool.
All right, so let's see we have a user
that can now from GitHub deploy,
the next step is we need to set that up.